Add deprecation notice (#41)
ballerina-platform/plugin-intellij: README.md

[![Version](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/v/9520-ballerina.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/9520-ballerina)
[![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/jetbrains/plugin/d/9520-ballerina.svg)](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/9520-ballerina)

> ## Deprecation Notice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Deprecation notice
```

> The Ballerina IntelliJ IDEA plugin is no longer being maintained or supported. We recommend that users of the plugin switch to using the official [Ballerina Visual Studio Code Extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WSO2.ballerina), which is actively maintained and offers the same functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ballerina IntelliJ IDEA plugin is no longer being maintained or supported. It is recommended that the plugin users switch to the official [Ballerina Visual Studio Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=WSO2.ballerina), which is actively maintained and offers the same functionality.
```

 
---

> The IntelliJ Ballerina plugin provides the Ballerina development capabilities in IntelliJ IDEA. Click on the below links for instructions on how to download, install, and use the features of the IntelliJ plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IntelliJ Ballerina plugin provides the Ballerina development capabilities in IntelliJ IDEA. Click the links below for instructions on how to download, install, and use the features of the IntelliJ plugin.
```

0.8.3 - 0.981.0 | IntelliJ IDEA 2016.3 - 2017.2
0.982.0 - 0.991.0 | IntelliJ IDEA 2017.3 - 2018.2
0.991.1 - 1.2.1 | IntelliJ IDEA 2018.3 - 2019.3
1.2.2 - 1.2.x | IntelliJ IDEA 2018.3 - 2020.2

> ## Useful Links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Useful links
```
Check all the titles.
